README.md, before:

# Pywechat
Encapsulates wechat's APIs with Python.
微信公众平台api

If you wants to fix the code or help me complete the whole project, just send me
the pull request!

## Todo

+ Impove codes
+ Add the service of card
+ Add some exceptions
+ Test interfaces


## How to use

Libs:

+ requests

``` shell
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Then you can use the Service.

``` python
from pywechat import WechatService

app_id = 'XXX'
app_secret = 'XXX'
service = WechatService(app_id, app_secret)
shake_service = service.init_service('Shake')
```

Temporarily, I just finished the part of shaking without full tests.


##Log

2015-06-01

I removed the pylibmc because i want to let users choose what they want to cache
the access token, but by default, it always query from the api.
However, is there a better practise?

2015-05-29

The project can be used.

2015-05-27

I created the project.


## Finished tests
Tested interfaces:

+ \_get\_access_token
+ upload_picture
+ add\_new_page
+ edit_page
+ delete\_pages\_by_ids
+ apply_devices
+ edit\_device_info
+ bind\_the_page
+ find\_pages\_by_counts
+ find_devices

Commit message:

Updates the part of the card management.

README.md, after:

# Pywechat
Encapsulates wechat's APIs with Python.
微信公众平台api


If you have any advices, just open an issue or email me!
If you wants to fix the code or help me complete the whole project, just send me
the pull request!


## Todo List

+ Impove codes
+ Add some exceptions
+ Test interfaces
+ Add a new service(Later...)


## How to use

Libs:

+ requests

``` shell
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Then you can use the Service.

``` python
from pywechat import WechatService

app_id = 'XXX'
app_secret = 'XXX'
service = WechatService(app_id, app_secret)
shake_service = service.init_service('Shake')
```

Without Tests Now, it might have some bugs in the code.


## Methods I have used 

Method in Shaking:

+ \_get\_access_token
+ upload_picture
+ add\_new_page
+ edit_page
+ delete\_pages\_by_ids
+ apply_devices
+ edit\_device_info
+ bind\_the_page
+ find\_pages\_by_counts
+ find_devices


##Update Logs

2015-06-02
I have finished the part of card management without test.Now I will focus on
improving codes and adding the tests.That will be a great job!


2015-06-01

I removed the pylibmc because i want to let users choose what they want to cache
the access token, but by default, it always query from the api.
However, is there a better practise?

2015-05-29

The project can be used.

2015-05-27

I created the project.
